###FAQ

Note; I do this FOR FUN. I am not obligated to do things for you, I am not being payed for this. If you do not respect that then I can and WILL stop uploading updates.
Note; Yes, I can also soft-ban you from playing the mod if I really want to, don't be an ass, thanks.

#General

What happened to your old mods? : I deleted them.
Why did you delete them? : They were rushed, unfinished messes.

Where's the config file? : There isn't one.
Why isn't there a config? : I don't like it, I prefer having the config in-game, thus letting you change settings between runs and not requiring restarts, also helps with immersion.

Add my feature! : If it's something I like and feel like I would implement on my own at some point; sure!
Add my feature! : If it's somethign I don't like and don't think I'd ever naturally implement, It will not happen unless I'm paid/rewarded in some way. (Basically I'm doing this for fun, so if I don't want to I won't unless I have to)

Fix this bug! : If you're a smart cookie, you can take a crack at fixing it yourself by pulling the github, then pushing back for me to add in (I'll add a comment saying who did what)
Fix this bug! : Submit an issue through github [DO NOT MESSAGE ME ON DISCORD ABOUT BUGS], and I'll look into it and reply on github.


#Development

Can I use your code? : See below
Case 1: You're copying my code to make a segment of flood warning a standalone mod ; Please don't do this.
Case 2: You're using a substantial portion of my code in your mod ; Please ask and credit me (Through a comment or whatever) before release
Case 3: You're using a hook/single function/three lines of code ; Go for it, let me know how it goes.
Case 4: You're copy pasting the entire mod and re-uploading it with some changed numbers ; Fuck off.

How did you do X/Y/Z? : Look at the source code, if you think you can do it better, submit a pull request, change it and upload it (Credit will be given).


###Features

##InteractableManager

Allow you to edit the total amount of interactables that will spawn

Allows you to edit the chances of a given spawned interactable being of the desired type (Given that type would naturally spawn in this level)

Allows you to forcibly spawn up to 128 of any given interactable (Now works on every level)

##AllyEdits
Allies can now spawn with: No items (vanilla), an exact copy of your items (with and without use items), a random item for each item of yours (based on tiers)
##SizeManager

Allows you to edit the size scale of Elites,Bosses,Teleporter Bosses, Monsters, Allies, Players and NPC characters (Stacks, an Elite Teleporter boss will scale up for  elite, teleporter and boss)

##BetterInteractables

Triple shops can now have any tier of item in them at random

Triple shops now have varied costs (Percent health, trade up 1 item, trade up like a cauldron, 2x cost, 0.5x cost)

Shrine of chance, Shrine of Order, Shrine of The Forest, can now be used a random amount of times (2-5 for chance, 5-12 for Forest, 1-4 for Order)

Shrine of Chance and Shrine of Order can now be used faster

Shrine of chance increases chance of better items for consecutive fails (10% increase for green per fail, 5% increase for red per fail)

##CharacterEdits

#Bandit

Added bandit to the game

#Commando

x2 passive regeneration

Huntress

#Engi

Base crit of 30%
Mines recharge 50% faster
Mines can now be use while sprinting
Using mines will not cancel red whip
Mines will now take longer to deploy
Backup Mag will allow for 5 more active mines
Afterburner will allow for 1 more active shield

#MUL-T
2x base acceleration

#Artificer

4x base acceleration
1.3x base speed
1.3x base jump height
Starts with 50 shield
Starts with 0.5x health
0.75x health gained each level
Starts with 0.8x damage
begins with 1 additional jump

can now sprint while using flamethrower

replaced utility with a Blink with a 4 second cooldown
replaced M1 with flamethrower
replaced special with "Fire Blast"

spawns with flaming elite equip


#Mercenary

##EnemyEdits
Bosses will no longer (almost) always be blazing when choosing an elite
Chrine Of Combat enemies will no longer (almost) always be blazing when choosing an elite

You can decide the cost multiplier for elites (Default 6)

Enemies will continue spawning after 'ticket limit' is reached (editable in EnemiesWithItems)

##Rule Edits

Unhides existing rules/artifacts

Unhides Item White/Blacklist

Unhides Equipment White/Blacklist

Unhides artifacts

Categories now start collapsed

Rules are now kept between runs (not restarts)

